docs: switch to calendar-based unified versioning (#2326)
ory/docs: docs/ecosystem/upgrading.mdx

## Versioning

Ory uses a calendar-based versioning system, where the version format is `YY.Q.N`, representing the year, quarter, and release
number within that quarter. For example, version `25.2.0` indicates a release in the second quarter of 2025, with `0` being the

> first release in that quarter. The release number increases with each subsequent release during the quarter. This system helps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
first release in that quarter. The release number increases with each subsequent release during the quarter. With this system
```

> users understand when a version was released and how recent it is. Starting from October 2025, all Ory components use a common

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can understand when a version was released and how recent it released. Starting from October 2025, all Ory components use a common
```

> versioning number, meaning releases are synchronized across all components such as Kratos, Hydra, Oathkeeper, and Keto. This unified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
versioning number, meaning releases are synchronized across all components such as Ory Kratos, Ory Hydra, Ory Oathkeeper, and Ory Keto. This unified
```
